docs: fix stale refs, prune low-signal content, add missing coverage (#576)
linuxfoundation/lfx-v2-pcc-ui: README.md

#### 🧪 [Testing Architecture](docs/architecture/testing/)

- **[E2E Testing](docs/architecture/testing/e2e-testing.md)** — Dual-architecture spec files, `data-testid` naming, Playwright setup
- **[Testing Best Practices](docs/architecture/testing/testing-best-practices.md)** — Content vs. structural tests, robust locator patterns

### Quick Start Guides

- **[📋 Architecture Overview](docs/architecture.md)** — High-level map that links to every canonical doc above
- **[📋 Architecture Navigation Hub](docs/architecture/README.md)** — Same navigation from inside the `architecture/` directory
- **[🧪 Testing Guide](docs/architecture/testing/e2e-testing.md)** — Comprehensive E2E testing with Playwright
- **[🤖 CLAUDE.md](CLAUDE.md)** — Gotchas, conventions, and contextual rules for Claude Code sessions

## Development Workflow

### Before Committing

Pre-commit hooks (via husky + lint-staged) automatically run **prettier**, **lint**, and **check-types** on staged files — you don't need to run `yarn format` manually. Before opening a PR, sanity-check the full build and any broader linting:

```bash
yarn lint           # Auto-fix linting across the monorepo

> yarn build          # Verify the production build

Author: Done — reworded so the hook description now covers both phases: lint-staged runs on staged files first, then `yarn format:check` / `yarn lint:check` / `yarn check-types` run repo-wide. See commit 58b83079.

yarn e2e            # Run the Playwright E2E suite (when applicable)
```

> Commit messages must follow Angular conventional-commit format and are validated by **commitlint** (`@commitlint/config-angular`). Commits must be signed off (`git commit -s`) to satisfy DCO — see the [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for accepted types and signoff details.

Author: Done — swapped the noun form `signoff details` → `sign-off details`. Left the earlier `signed off` verb form as-is since that's grammatically fine. See commit 8ef00a1b.

**Note**: All source files must include the MIT license header. `./check-headers.sh` validates locally and the pre-commit hook enforces it.

### Component Development

Angular 20 makes components, directives, and pipes standalone by default — do **not** pass `--standalone`, it's redundant and produces a deprecation warning:

```bash
ng generate component my-feature        # standalone is the default
ng generate service my-service
ng generate guard my-guard
```

### Using PrimeNG Components

> PrimeNG components are **not** used directly in feature code. Every PrimeNG component is wrapped by a thin `lfx-*` component under `apps/lfx-one/src/app/shared/components/` — this gives LFX One UI-library independence and a consistent signal-based API. When building a feature, import the LFX wrapper:

Reviewer: 🟡 **Major** — Doc claim contradicts the codebase.

This says PrimeNG components are **not** used directly in feature code and that direct `primeng/*` imports belong only inside wrapper components. Verified against the worktree: `rg "from 'primeng/" apps/lfx-one/src/app/modules/` returns **244 hits across 80+ feature files** (badges, dashboards, documents, profile, settings, surveys, votes, etc.). Stating it as the rule when it isn't followed makes the README a worse reference than the version it replaced.

Same point flagged independently by CodeRabbit ([#3134557797](https://github.com/linuxfoundation/lfx-v2-ui/pull/576#discussion_r3134557797)) and Copilot ([#3134565040](https://github.com/linuxfoundation/lfx-v2-ui/pull/576#discussion_r3134565040)).

**Suggested fix** — frame the wrapper as the preferred / target pattern rather than a rule:

```suggestion
Feature code can import `primeng/*` directly, but the preferred path for new code is the thin `lfx-*` wrapper components under `apps/lfx-one/src/app/shared/components/`. The wrappers give LFX One UI-library independence and a consistent signal-based API; several feature modules still import PrimeNG modules directly today, and migrating them to wrappers is an ongoing effort. When building a new feature, prefer the wrapper:
```

And for the closing line at 355:

```
See the [Component Architecture](docs/architecture/frontend/component-architecture.md) doc for the wrapper pattern in full and for guidance on when to add a new wrapper vs. import PrimeNG directly.
```

Author: Done — took your suggested rewording almost verbatim. Wrapper is now framed as the preferred/target pattern rather than an absolute rule, the closing sentence points at the Component Architecture doc for guidance on when to add a new wrapper vs. import PrimeNG directly, and the text acknowledges that migrating feature modules to wrappers is an ongoing effort. Verified against the worktree — 244 direct `primeng/*` imports across 80+ feature files make the old absolute phrasing wrong. See commit 8ef00a1b.
